# Bank Churning ML Project
Collaborated with two other classmates for Final group project.

In a business setting, it is important to understand what customer characteristics influence customer attrition. I worked with my school colleagues to predict whether a customer will churn or not given the customer's specific features. We cleaned a dataset containing over 10,000 customers from kaggle. We cleaned the dataset and sorted it into 18 different features. After cleaning the dataset, the next stages involved conducting exploratory analysis through data visualizations/statistics, regression analysis and machine learning.  For exploratory analysis, we displayed visualizations like count plots. Then, we identified important statistics within the dataset. For regression analysis, we initially used logistic regression to determine the features that have the highest accuracy score, which can be assumed to be good predictors for machine learning. However, after using logistic regression, we trained the dataset with other supervised learning classifiers. For machine learning, we planned on using decision trees, random forest, support vector machine, and K-nearest neighbor to predict whether a customer will churn or not based on the given features. 

In our machine learning tasks, we successfully increased or maintained the F1 score, recall, and accuracy from dataset 1 to dataset 2 to dataset 3.  From these three datasets, we obtained a 97% prediction accuracy with the use of Random Forest Classification and the highest recall of attrited customers in dataset 3B.
